c:\users\тм2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWorkWpfApplication\TestWorkWpfApplication\bin\Debug\TestWork.PL.exe.config
c:\users\тм2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWorkWpfApplication\TestWorkWpfApplication\bin\Debug\TestWork.PL.exe
c:\users\тм2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWorkWpfApplication\TestWorkWpfApplication\bin\Debug\TestWork.PL.pdb
c:\users\тм2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWorkWpfApplication\TestWorkWpfApplication\obj\Debug\Views\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\тм2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWorkWpfApplication\TestWorkWpfApplication\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\тм2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWorkWpfApplication\TestWorkWpfApplication\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\тм2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWorkWpfApplication\TestWorkWpfApplication\obj\Debug\TestWork.PL_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\тм2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWorkWpfApplication\TestWorkWpfApplication\obj\Debug\TestWork.PL_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\тм2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWorkWpfApplication\TestWorkWpfApplication\obj\Debug\Views\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\тм2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWorkWpfApplication\TestWorkWpfApplication\obj\Debug\TestWork.PL.g.resources
c:\users\тм2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWorkWpfApplication\TestWorkWpfApplication\obj\Debug\TestWork.PL.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\тм2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWorkWpfApplication\TestWorkWpfApplication\obj\Debug\TestWork.PL.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\тм2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWorkWpfApplication\TestWorkWpfApplication\obj\Debug\TestWork.PL.exe
c:\users\тм2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TestWorkWpfApplication\TestWorkWpfApplication\obj\Debug\TestWork.PL.pdb
C:\Users\тм2\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TestWorkWpfApplication\TestWorkWpfApplication\obj\Debug\Views\RatesView.g.cs
C:\Users\тм2\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TestWorkWpfApplication\TestWorkWpfApplication\obj\Debug\Views\RatesView.baml
C:\Users\тм2\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TestWorkWpfApplication\TestWorkWpfApplication\obj\Debug\Views\ManningTableView.g.cs
C:\Users\тм2\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TestWorkWpfApplication\TestWorkWpfApplication\obj\Debug\Views\ManningTableView.baml
C:\Users\тм2\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TestWorkWpfApplication\TestWorkWpfApplication\obj\Debug\Views\ReportView.g.cs
C:\Users\тм2\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TestWorkWpfApplication\TestWorkWpfApplication\obj\Debug\Views\ReportView.baml
C:\Users\тм2\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TestWorkWpfApplication\TestWorkWpfApplication\bin\Debug\TestWork.BLL.dll
C:\Users\тм2\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TestWorkWpfApplication\TestWorkWpfApplication\bin\Debug\TestWork.Model.dll
C:\Users\тм2\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TestWorkWpfApplication\TestWorkWpfApplication\bin\Debug\TestWork.DAL.dll
C:\Users\тм2\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TestWorkWpfApplication\TestWorkWpfApplication\bin\Debug\TestWork.BLL.pdb
C:\Users\тм2\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TestWorkWpfApplication\TestWorkWpfApplication\bin\Debug\TestWork.Model.pdb
C:\Users\тм2\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TestWorkWpfApplication\TestWorkWpfApplication\bin\Debug\TestWork.DAL.pdb
C:\Users\тм2\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TestWorkWpfApplication\TestWorkWpfApplication\obj\Debug\TestWork.PL.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\тм2\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TestWorkWpfApplication\TestWorkWpfApplication\obj\Debug\Views\ManningTableEntryView.g.cs
C:\Users\тм2\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TestWorkWpfApplication\TestWorkWpfApplication\obj\Debug\Views\ManningTableEntryView.baml
